Hello All, I'm Ayush Indani, and Thanks again for  joining in. 

It was really awesome hearing all of you speak, hope we've breaked the Ice :)

Now,  In the obstruct of time, I'll quickly talk about the Gravel Club. Its our attempt to homify Toastmasters. So that you can consider this as the most safest zone to out-aloud your TrueSelf and come out as an improved version by the end of it.

So starting off, these sessions would be driven by 
GC facilitators, and soon enough it would be role driven. i.e., for each day there will be following roles -
1. Gravel master of the day.
2. Ah-counter
3. Time keeper
4. Grammerian
5. Evaluator

Every meeting starts off with an Introduction to Gravel Master, who'd be the host of that day's meeting.
Fulfilling this role is great practice for leading meetings. He/She ensures that meetings are smooth and On-time.

Ah-counter, reports by the end of all speeches, how many ahh, umms and other fillers each speaker used. This makes speakers aware of unintended words or unnecessary sounds they use while speaking.

Grammerian of the day would have certain duties to follow , one of which is to Improve vocabulary by Introducing a "Word of the day". He also highlights if any speaker uses this Word of the day in their speech. 

Timer - Toast master of the day, would also act as a Time Keeper for each speech presented.

In every GC meetings, we'll have atleast 2 members presenting speeches. These speakers,
at the end of each session would ensure to book a seperate meeting with the designated evaluator, who would then be evaluating based on some set of guidelines given, like -
Voice modulation, Gestures, Content quality, Pace of the speech, What did they do especially well and what are the areas of improvement, etc.

We were initially planning to have these session arranged within office premises, but due to current scenario, we'll have these over Zoom. And, we are planning to have 1 session per week of 1 hr each.

I'm really excited about this journey of becoming Confident, Clear and Concise in our Communication, which I call 3C's of communication.

